>> Steve Kinney: It's time to give
you a little bit of a challenge,
which is this is a little
bit of choice time here.
We're gonna kinda go
into the Card section and
we're gonna try to kind of
begin to lay out a card.
So if we look right now,
it's just these are interpolated in again,
if that stresses you out,
you can delete the script tag and
just put in some hard coded values later.
I wanted to use more than one card and
I wanted them to say something different.
What we'd like to do is
kind of get to this again.
If we look at the card right now,
we can see it's not much to look at.
What we want to do is apply some
of what we just saw with borders.
I think a border is appropriate for
the card, a background color to it.
The part I haven't shown you yet
that you're just going to explore a little
bit on your own is the typography.
The hint that I will give you is text and
font.
Makes sense, right?
You'll see some options in there as
well and your choice on how exactly
you wanna style it, but let's go
take a run at adding some kind of.
Cuz we use this card to lay out
a whole bunch of other stuff later.
So let's get a card that we feel good
about that we would like to use at various
points in our time together.
So try to apply things at your disposal.
Borders, background colors, text colors,
text dash, you'll see some text
sizing stuff, font, you can change the
font if you want to, so on and so forth.
But let's get the kind of basics of one
of these cards that we're gonna tweak and
play around with a little bit.
But apply some of these ideas and
then we'll kind of do it together and
then add a bunch of cards
together to see how to lay stuff.
So our mission is to apply some of the
things we were playing with the button to
just something that's not a button,
honestly.
And like I feel like the button is my
hello world of every time I'm trying to
either build a design system or
play with some styling tool.
And then like the like next one is like
some kind of like card like thing.
Right.
So
really the only real big change here is
now we have more than one element, yay.
But we can kind of see how quickly that
kind of rapid prototyping piece comes
together, right?
And if you've got other things that you
did, yell them out or like interject and
we'll do those too.
But I'm just gonna kind of like vibe,
not that version of Vibe coding, but
just kind of like go with the kind of
piece of how I would normally approach it.
So I'd probably give it
some kind of border.
I like border two.
Feels like with my screen zoomed in,
Border two now feels egregious, But I feel
like at a normal viewport, it's probably
fine, but now I feel self conscious.
So border one and
border are the same thing.
As you can see,
that is the default in there as well.
Feeling a little tight.
So at this point,
instead of doing that like PX and py,
I think this is a great opportunity for
just a little bit of padding evenly
throughout the entire thing.
Are we feeling rounded in this case?
Are we feeling square rounded?
Rounded.
Especially because someone from
the chat said rounded earlier,
I feel like this is a rounded crowd.
On the temporal ui, we actually just did
the great de rounding of everything.
I didn't realize that
roundedness was controversial.
So we can give a rounded, again, the nice
part is, okay, you can look at that.
You can also just like look
at the regular rounded.
Whichever one makes you happier,
go for it.
You don't have to have
the exact same thing I have.
And you can give it also just like
a subtle background if you want.
So, a lot of times the 50, which might
actually be my background color for
the page, you can give it like a subtle
little background in this case.
Same with the border, you can say,
border is I like slate.
If you like gray, use gray.
If you want a different color,
go for that too.
I don't care.
Live your best life.
Okay, I like that.
And so now we've got very quickly,
I can just kind of type in
these classes immediately.
I'm not jumping back and forth
between files, adding the class here,
going to another CSS file.
I'm kind of just doing it in line and
getting the sense here as well.
So for the h2, I don't like,
now you're just learning my personal
styling preferences,
which is not what you signed up for.
I like semibold, somewhere in between.
So you do font semi bold.
There's probably a rhyme or reason that is
better than I can articulate right now.
You do get the sense of which ones are
under font and which ones are under text.
I'm gonna say that it's text like lg,
just a little bit bigger.
Base is what you get to begin with.
So if you wanted to see base is
going to be that one rem, right?
For the rest,
everything is based on 1 rem.
So base is 16 pixels.
You can see this is 1.25 rem,
which is 18 pixels, right?
How many font sizes are there?
You could check the docs.
You could also just start typing.
There is a little bit of a science
to getting auto complete to kick in.
It's gotta go after the last one text and
you can kinda get a sense of obviously
numbers happen first in alphabetical
order, but one could scroll through and
find the rest of them hiding out in
here as well, xl, xs, so on, so forth.
Cool.
So we've got that in place.
I will show you this next one simply
because I don't know if we need it right
now or not.
But like we talked about padding,
would anyone like to venture a guess?
If P is padding, what margin is M M M so
he's a MT1 or something like that.
And I'll just kind of put
a margin top on that paragraph.
We will talk about other ways to space
things like literally in five minutes,
but that is one way to do it.
There are also a few other things
you do in terms of line spacing and
character spacing as well.
Most of the things in CSS
are possible here as well.
I don't know.
I don't have strong opinions on that.
If anyone does,
we can do it in a second, but
I feel pretty good about
this card right now.